#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   visions
babel==2.11.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
category-encoders==2.5.1.post0
    # via deepchecks
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via uvicorn
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deepchecks==0.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
fastapi==0.88.0
    # via rest-model-service
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
flaml==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
htmlmin==0.1.12
    # via pandas-profiling
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via visions
importlib-metadata==6.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
ipykernel==6.19.4
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   deepchecks
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   pandas-profiling
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpickle==3.0.1
    # via deepchecks
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.0.6
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.18.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via ipywidgets
kaggle==1.5.12
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
lightgbm==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flaml
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
ml-base==0.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   rest-model-service
multimethod==1.9.1
    # via
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   visions
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.7
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
networkx==2.8.8
    # via visions
notebook==6.5.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.23.5
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   contourpy
    #   deepchecks
    #   flaml
    #   imagehash
    #   lightgbm
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   patsy
    #   phik
    #   pynomaly
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
    #   xgboost
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   deepchecks
    #   flaml
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   visions
pandas-profiling==3.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
phik==0.12.3
    # via pandas-profiling
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   imagehash
    #   matplotlib
    #   visions
platformdirs==2.6.2
    # via jupyter-core
plotly==5.5.0
    # via deepchecks
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   ml-base
    #   pandas-profiling
pygments==2.14.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pynomaly==0.3.3
    # via deepchecks
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==7.0.0
    # via kaggle
python-utils==3.4.5
    # via pynomaly
pytz==2022.7
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   rest-model-service
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   kaggle
    #   pandas-profiling
rest-model-service==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jsonschema
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jsonschema
scikit-learn==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   deepchecks
    #   flaml
    #   lightgbm
scipy==1.9.3
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   deepchecks
    #   flaml
    #   imagehash
    #   lightgbm
    #   pandas-profiling
    #   phik
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via pandas-profiling
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   kaggle
    #   patsy
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.22.0
    # via fastapi
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   deepchecks
    #   pandas-profiling
tangled-up-in-unicode==0.2.0
    # via visions
tenacity==8.1.0
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   kaggle
    #   pandas-profiling
traitlets==5.8.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typeguard==2.13.3
    # via pandas-profiling
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   deepchecks
    #   pydantic
    #   starlette
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.20.0
    # via rest-model-service
visions[type_image_path]==0.7.5
    # via pandas-profiling
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.38.4
    # via lightgbm
widgetsnbextension==3.6.1
    # via ipywidgets
xgboost==1.7.2
    # via flaml
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
